gdalogr:overviews,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
gdalogr:executesql,Execute SQL on vector layer,Vector/General tools
gdalogr:rasterinfo,Raster layer information,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:merge, Merge raster layers,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:nearblack,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
gdalogr:ogr2ogr,Export vector layer,Vector/General tools
gdalogr:vectorinfo,Vector layer information,Vector/Statistics
gdalogr:pcttorgb,PCT to RGB,Images/Image Manipulation
gdalogr:proximity,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
gdalogr:rgbtopct,RGB to PCT,Images/Image Manipulation
gdalogr:sieve,Remove small pixel clumps (nearest neighbour),Raster/Edition
gdalogr:translate,Export raster layer,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:warpreproject,Reproject raster layer,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:slope,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
gdalogr:aspect,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
gdalogr:hillshade,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Viewsheds\Lighting
gdalogr:polygonize,Vectorize raster layer,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
gdalogr:gridrasterize,Rasterize vector layer,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
gdalogr:gridnearestneighbor, Interpolate (Nearest Neighbor),Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
gdalogr:griddatametrics, Interpolate (Data metrics),Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
gdalogr:gridinvdist, Interpolate (Inverse distance weighting),Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
gdalogr:gridaverage, Interpolate (Average),Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
gdalogr:contour, Contour lines,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
otb:bandmath,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:binarymorphologicaloperation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Filtering
otb:bundletoperfectsensor,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:cartographictogeographiccoordinatesconversion,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:classificationregularization,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:colormapping,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:computeconfusionmatrix,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:computeimagessecondorderstatistics,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:computepolylinefeaturefromimage,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:concatenate,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Vector Data Manipulation
otb:connectedcomponentsegmentation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:convertsensorpointtogeographicpoint,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:dimensionalityreductionapplication,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Filtering
otb:disparitymaptoelevationmap,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Stereo
otb:edgeextraction,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:edisonmeanshiftsegmentationlabeledrasteroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:edisonmeanshiftsegmentationlargescalevectoroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:extractroi,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:fineregistration,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Stereo
otb:fusionofclassifications,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:fuzzymodelestimation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:grayscalemorphologicaloperation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Filtering
otb:gridbasedimageresampling,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:haralicktextureextraction,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:hoovercomparesegmentation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:hyperspectraldataunmixing,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:imageconversion,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:imageenvelope,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:imageresamplingwitharigidtransform,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:imagescomparaison,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:imagesconcatenation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:imagesvmclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:imagetokmzexport,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:linesegmentdetection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:localstatisticextraction,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:maximumautocorrelationfactordecomposition,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Filtering
otb:meanshiftfiltering,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Filtering
otb:meanshiftsegmentationlabeledrasteroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:meanshiftsegmentationlargescalevectoroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:morphologicalprofilesbasedsegmentationlabeledrasteroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:morphologicalprofilesbasedsegmentationlargescalevectoroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:multiresolutionpyramid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:multivariatealterationdetector,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:obtainutmzonefromgeopoint,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:openstreetmaplayersimportationsapplications,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:opticalcalibration,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Calibration
otb:orthorectification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:pansharpening,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:pixelvalue,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:pixelwiseblockmatching,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Stereo
otb:pixelwiseblockmatching,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Stereo
otb:quicklook,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:radiometricindices,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:rasterization,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Vector Data Manipulation
otb:readimageinformation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:rescaleimage,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:sarradiometriccalibration,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Calibration
otb:sfstextureextraction,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:simpleconnectedcomponentssegmentationlabeledrasteroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:simpleconnectedcomponentssegmentationlargescalevectoroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:smoothing,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Filtering
otb:somclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:splitimage,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image Manipulation
otb:stereorectificationdeformationgridgenerator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:stereosensormodeltoelevationmap,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Stereo
otb:superimposesensor,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Geometry
otb:trainsvmclassifierfrommultipleimages,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:unsupervisedkmeansimageclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:validatesvmimagesclassifier,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Learning
otb:vectordataextractroi,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Vector Data Manipulation
otb:vectordatareprojection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Vector Data Manipulation
otb:vectordatasetfield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Vector Data Manipulation
otb:vectordatatransformation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Vector Data Manipulation
otb:vectordatavalidation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Feature Extraction
otb:vertexcomponentanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Miscellaneous
otb:watershedsegmentationlabeledrasteroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
otb:watershedsegmentationlargescalevectoroutput,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Segmentation
qgis:addautoincrementalfield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:addfieldtoattributestable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:advancedpythonfieldcalculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:basicstatisticsfornumericfields,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:basicstatisticsfortextfields,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:clip,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
qgis:convertgeometrytype,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:convexhull,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:countpointsinpolygon,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:countpointsinpolygonweighted,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:countuniquepointsinpolygon,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:createequivalentnumericalfield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:creategrid,Create graticule,Vector/Creation
qgis:delaunaytriangulation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:deletecolumn,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:deleteduplicategeometries,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:densifygeometries,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:densifygeometriesgivenaninterval,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:difference,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
qgis:dissolve,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:distancetonearesthub,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
qgis:explodelines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
qgis:exportaddgeometrycolumns,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:extractnodes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:fieldcalculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:fixeddistancebuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:hublines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
qgis:intersection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
qgis:joinattributestable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:lineintersections,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
qgis:linestopolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
qgis:listuniquevalues,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:meancoordinates,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:mergevectorlayers,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:multiparttosingleparts,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:nearestneighbouranalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
qgis:pointslayerfromtable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Creation
qgis:polygonfromlayerextent,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Creation
qgis:polygonstolines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
qgis:polygoncentroids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
qgis:randomselection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Selection
qgis:randomselectionwithinsubsets,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Selection
qgis:rasterlayerhistogram,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
qgis:rasterlayerstatistics,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
qgis:reprojectlayer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:saveselectedfeatures,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:selectbyattribute,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Selection
qgis:selectbylocation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Selection
qgis:simplifygeometries,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:singlepartstomultipart,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:snappointstogrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
qgis:statisticsbycategories,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:sumlinelengths,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
qgis:texttofloat,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
qgis:union,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
qgis:variabledistancebuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
qgis:vectorlayerhistogram,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:vectorlayerscatterplot,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
qgis:voronoipolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:accumulatedcostanisotropic,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:accumulatedcostisotropic,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:addcoordinatestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:addgridvaluestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector operations
saga:addgridvaluestoshapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector operations
saga:addpolygonattributestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:aggregate,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Edition
saga:aggregatepointobservations,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:aggregationindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Miscellaneous
saga:analyticalhierarchyprocess,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Miscellaneous
saga:basicterrainanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:bsplineapproximation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:burnstreamnetworkintodem,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:catchmentarea,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:cellbalance,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:changedateformat,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:changedetection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:changegridvalues,Reclassify (simple),Raster/Edition
saga:changetimeformat,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:changevectoranalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:channelnetwork,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:channelnetworkanddrainagebasins,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:clipgridwithpolygon,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector operations
saga:clippointswithpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
saga:closegaps,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:closegapswithspline,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:closeonecellgaps,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:clusteranalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:clusteranalysisforgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:combinegrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:convergenceindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:convergenceindexsearchradius,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:convertdatastoragetype,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:convertlinestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:convertlinestopolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:convertmultipointstopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:convertpointstolines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:convertpolygonlineverticestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:convertpolygonstolines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:converttabletopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:coordinatetransformationgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:coordinatetransformationgridlist,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:coordinatetransformationshapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:coordinatetransformationshapeslist,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:covereddistance,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:creategraticule,Create graticule from extent,Vector/Creation
saga:croptodata,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:crossclassificationandtabulation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:crossprofiles,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:cubicsplineapproximation, Interpolate (Cubic spline),Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:curvatureclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:cutshapeslayer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
saga:dailytohourlypet,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Miscellaneous
saga:directionalaverage1,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:directionalstatisticsforsinglegrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:distancematrix,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:diurnalanisotropicheating,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:downslopedistancegradient,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:dtmfilterslopebased,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:edgecontamination,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:effectiveairflowheights,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:enumeratetablefield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:fillgapsinrecords,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:fillsinks,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:filterclumps,Remove small pixel clumps (to no-data),Raster/General tools
saga:fitnpointstoshape,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:flatdetection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:flowpathlength,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:flowwidthandspecificcatchmentarea,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:fractaldimensionofgridsurface,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:function,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:fuzzify,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:fuzzyintersectionand,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:fuzzyunionor,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:gaussianfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:gaussianlandscapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:geographicallyweightedmultipleregression,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedmultipleregressionpoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedmultipleregressionpoints/grids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedregression,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedregressionpointsgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geometricfigures,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Miscellaneous
saga:getshapesextents,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:globalmoransiforgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:gradientvectorfromcartesiantopolarcoordinates,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:gradientvectorfrompolartocartesiancoordinates,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:gradientvectorsfromdirectionalcomponents,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:gradientvectorsfromdirectionandlength,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:gradientvectorsfromsurface,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:gridbuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:rastercalculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:griddifference,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:griddivision,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridmasking,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridnormalisation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridorientation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridproximitybuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridsfromclassifiedgridandtable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:gridshrinkexpand,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridskeletonization,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridsproduct,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridssum,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridstandardisation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Edition
saga:gridstatisticsforpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:gridvaluestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:gridvaluestopointsrandomly,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:gridvolume,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Miscellaneous
saga:hypsometry,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:invertdatanodata,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:kerneldensityestimation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:lakeflood,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Miscellaneous
saga:landsurfacetemperature,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:laplacianfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:layerofextremevalue,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:leastcostpaths,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:line-polygonintersection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:linedissolve,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:lineproperties,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:linesimplification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:localminimaandmaxima,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:lsfactor,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:majorityfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:massbalanceindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:mergeshapeslayers,Merge vector layers,Vector/General tools
saga:metricconversions,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Edition
saga:minimumdistanceanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:modifedquadraticshepard,Interpolate (Modified quadratic shepard),Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:morphologicalfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:morphometricprotectionindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:multibandvariation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:multidirectionleefilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:multilevelbsplineinterpolation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:multilevelbsplineinterpolationfromgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:multipleregressionanalysisgridgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:multipleregressionanalysispointsgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:multiresolutionindexofvalleybottomflatnessmrvbf,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:naturalneighbour, Interpolate (Natural neighbor),Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:orderedweightedaveragingowa,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:ordinarykriging,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:ordinarykrigingglobal,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:overlandflowdistancetochannelnetwork,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:overlandflowkinematicwaved8,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:patching,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:patternanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:pointsfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:pointstatisticsforpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:pointsthinning,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:polartocartesiancoordinates,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:polygon-lineintersection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:polygondissolve,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygondissolvebyattribute,Polygon dissolve (by attribute),Vector/Polygons
saga:polygondissolveallpolygons,Polygon dissolve (all polygons),Vector/Polygons
saga:intersect,Polygon intersection,Vector/Polygons
saga:difference,Polygon difference,Vector/Polygons
saga:update,Polygon update,Vector/Polygons
saga:identity,Polygon identity,Vector/Polygons
saga:union,Polygon union,Vector/Polygons
saga:symmetricaldifference,Polygon symmetrical difference,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonpartstoseparatepolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonproperties,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonshapeindices,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonstoedgesandnodes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polynomialregression,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:polynomialtrendfromgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:principlecomponentsanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:profilefrompoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:profilesfromlines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:proximitygrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:pythagorastree,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Miscellaneous
saga:quadtreestructuretoshapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Miscellaneous
saga:radiusofvariancegrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:randomfield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:randomterraingeneration,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:rankfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:realareacalculation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:reclassifygridvalues,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Edition
saga:regressionanalysispointsgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:relativeheightsandslopepositions,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:removeduplicatepoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:representativenessgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:resampling,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:residualanalysisgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:rgbcomposite,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image tools
saga:runningaverage,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:sagawetnessindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:separatepointsbydirection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:shapesbuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:simplefilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:simulation,Fire spreading simulation,Domain specific/Miscellaneous
saga:sinkdrainageroutedetection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:sinkremoval,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:skyviewfactor,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:slopelength,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:sortgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:spatialpointpatternanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:splitrgbbands,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image tools
saga:splitshapesbyattribute,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:splitshapeslayer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:splitshapeslayercompletely,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:splitshapeslayerrandomly,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:statisticsforgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:strahlerorder,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:streampowerindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:supervisedclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:surfacespecificpoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:terrainruggednessindextri,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:thiessenpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:thinplatesplineglobal,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:thinplatesplinelocal,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:thinplatesplinetin,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:thresholdbuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:topmodel,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:topographiccorrection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Viewsheds\Lighting
saga:topographicpositionindextpi,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:topographicwetnessindextwi,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:tpibasedlandformclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:transectthroughpolygonshapefile,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
saga:transformshapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:triangulation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:universalkriging,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:universalkrigingglobal,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:upslopearea,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:userdefinedfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:variogramcloud,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:variogramsurface,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:vectorruggednessmeasurevrm,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:vegetationindexdistancebased,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image analysis
saga:vegetationindexslopebased,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Images/Image analysis
saga:verticaldistancetochannelnetwork,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:waterretentioncapacity,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:watershedbasins,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:windeffectwindwardleewardindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:zonalgridstatistics,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
modelertools:calculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Modeler/Modeler tools
modelertools:rasterlayerbounds,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Modeler/Modeler tools
modelertools:vectorlayerbounds,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Modeler/Modeler tools