saga:accumulatedcost(anisotropic),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:accumulatedcost(isotropic),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:gradientvectorfromcartesiantopolarcoordinates,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:gradientvectorfrompolartocartesiancoordinates,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:gradientvectorsfromdirectionandlength,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:gradientvectorsfromdirectionalcomponents,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:gradientvectorsfromsurface,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:leastcostpaths,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:polartocartesiancoordinates,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Cost analysis
saga:globalmoran'siforgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:representativeness(grid),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:variogramcloud,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:variogramsurface,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Geostatistics
saga:burnstreamnetworkintodem,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:catchmentarea(flowtracing),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:catchmentarea(mass-fluxmethod),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:catchmentarea(parallel),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:catchmentarea(recursive),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:cellbalance,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:channelnetwork,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:channelnetworkanddrainagebasins,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:flowpathlength,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:flowwidthandspecificcatchmentarea,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:overlandflow-kinematicwaved8,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:overlandflowdistancetochannelnetwork,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:sagawetnessindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:sinkdrainageroutedetection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:sinkremoval,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:strahlerorder,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:streampowerindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:topmodel,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:topographicwetnessindex(twi),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:upslopearea,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:verticaldistancetochannelnetwork,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:waterretentioncapacity,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:watershedbasins,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Hydrology
saga:dailytohourlypet,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Miscellaneous
saga:fireriskanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Miscellaneous
saga:basicterrainanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:convergenceindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:convergenceindex(searchradius),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:crossprofiles,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:curvatureclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:dtmfilter(slope-based),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:diurnalanisotropicheating,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:downslopedistancegradient,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:edgecontamination,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:effectiveairflowheights,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:fillsinks(planchon/darboux2001),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:fillsinks(wang&liu),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:fillsinksxxl(wang&liu),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:flatdetection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:hypsometry,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:lsfactor,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:landsurfacetemperature,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:massbalanceindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:morphometricprotectionindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:multiresolutionindexofvalleybottomflatness(mrvbf),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:realareacalculation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:relativeheightsandslopepositions,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:skyviewfactor,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:slopelength,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:slopeaspectcurvature,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:surfacespecificpoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:tpibasedlandformclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:terrainruggednessindex(tri),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:topographicpositionindex(tpi),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:vectorruggednessmeasure(vrm),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:windeffect(windward/leewardindex),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Terrain analysis and geomorphometry
saga:analyticalhillshading,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Domain specific/Viewsheds\Lighting
saga:addgridvaluestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector operations
saga:addgridvaluestoshapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector operations
saga:clipgridwithpolygon,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector operations
saga:gridstatisticsforpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:multipleregressionanalysis(points/grids),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:pointstatisticsforpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:profilefrompoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:profilesfromlines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:regressionanalysis(points/grid),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster - vector statistics
saga:b-splineapproximation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:contourlinesfromgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:gridvaluestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:gridvaluestopoints(randomly),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:localminimaandmaxima,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:vectorisinggridclasses,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
gdalogr:polygonize,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Raster -> Vector
saga:cubicsplineapproximation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:inversedistanceweighted,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:modifedquadraticshepard,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:multilevelb-splineinterpolation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:multilevelb-splineinterpolation(fromgrid),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:naturalneighbour,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:nearestneighbour,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:ordinarykriging,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:ordinarykriging(global),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:ordinarykriging(vf),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:ordinarykriging(vfglobal),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:shapestogrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:thinplatespline(global),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:thinplatespline(local),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:thinplatespline(tin),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:triangulation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:universalkriging,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:universalkriging(global),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:universalkriging(vf),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:universalkriging(vfglobal),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster - vector/Vector -> Raster
saga:changedetection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:changevectoranalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:clusteranalysisforgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:covereddistance,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:fuzzify,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:fuzzyintersection(and),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:fuzzyunion(or),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:multi-bandvariation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:orderedweightedaveraging(owa),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:principlecomponentsanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:supervisedclassification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:thresholdbuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
gdalogr:nearblack,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Analysis
saga:gaussianlandscapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:gridsfromclassifiedgridandtable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:randomfield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:randomterraingeneration,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
gdalogr:buildpyramids(overviews),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Creation
saga:function,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Edition
saga:metricconversions,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Edition
saga:reclassifygridvalues,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Edition
saga:decisiontree,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:directionalaverage1,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:gaussianfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:laplacianfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:majorityfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:morphologicalfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:multidirectionleefilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:rankfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:simplefilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:userdefinedfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Filters
saga:averagewithmask1,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:averagewithmask2,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:averagewiththereshold1,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:averagewiththereshold3,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:averagewiththreshold2,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:closegaps,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:closegapswithspline,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:closeonecellgaps,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:combinegrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:convertdatastoragetype,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:coordinatetransformation(gridlist),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:coordinatetransformation(grid),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:croptodata,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:filterclumps,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridbuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridcalculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:griddifference,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:griddivision,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridmasking,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridnormalisation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridorientation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridproximitybuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridshrink/expand,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridsproduct,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:gridssum,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:invertdata/no-data,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:layerofextremevalue,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:merging,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:patching,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:resampling,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:sortgrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:fillnodata,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:merge,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:translate(convertformat),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
gdalogr:warp(reproject),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
ftools:reprojectlayer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/General tools
saga:aggregationindex,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Miscellaneous
saga:analyticalhierarchyprocess,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Miscellaneous
saga:directionalstatisticsforsinglegrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:fractaldimensionofgridsurface,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedmultipleregression,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedmultipleregression(points),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedmultipleregression(points/grids),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedregression,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:geographicallyweightedregression(points/grid),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:kerneldensityestimation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:multipleregressionanalysis(grid/grids),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:polynomialregression,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:polynomialtrendfromgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:radiusofvariance(grid),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:residualanalysis(grid),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:statisticsforgrids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:zonalgridstatistics,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
gdalogr:information,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Statistics
saga:cross-classificationandtabulation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Tools for categorical rasters
saga:patternanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Raster/Tools for categorical rasters
ftools:countpointsinpolygon,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
ftools:countpointsinpolygon(weighted),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
ftools:countuniquepointsinpolygon,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
ftools:distancematrix,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
ftools:meancoordinate(s),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
ftools:nearestneighbouranalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
ftools:sumlinelengths,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Analysis
ftools:polygonfromlayerextent,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Creation
mmqgisx:creategrid,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Creation
sextante:addautoincrementalfield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
sextante:createnewlayerwithselectedfeatures,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:clusteranalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:coordinatetransformation(shapeslist),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:coordinatetransformation(shapes),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:getshapesextents,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:mergeshapeslayers,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:splitshapeslayer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:splitshapeslayercompletely,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:splitshapeslayerrandomly,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:splitshapesbyattribute,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
gdalogr:executesql,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
gdalogr:ogr2ogr,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/General tools
saga:convexhull,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:line-polygonintersection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:polygon-lineintersection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:shapesbuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:thiessenpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
saga:transformshapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:convexhull,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:delaunaytriangulation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:densifygeometries,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:dissolve,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:extractnodes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:fixeddistancebuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:linestopolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:multiparttosingleparts,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:polygoncentroids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:polygonstolines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:simplifygeometries,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:singlepartstomultipart,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:union,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:variabledistancebuffer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
ftools:voronoipolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
mmqgisx:convertgeometrytype,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Geometry operations
sextante:explodelines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:convertlinestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:convertlinestopolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:linedissolve,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:lineproperties,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:linesimplification,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Lines
saga:creategraticule,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Miscellaneous
saga:geometricfigures,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Miscellaneous
saga:pythagoras'tree,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Miscellaneous
saga:quadtreestructuretoshapes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Miscellaneous
saga:clippointswithpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
saga:cutshapeslayer,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
saga:transectthroughpolygonshapefile,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
ftools:clip,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
ftools:difference,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
ftools:intersection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
ftools:lineintersections,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Overlay
saga:addcoordinatestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:addpolygonattributestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:aggregatepointobservations,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:convertmultipointstopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:convertpointstoline(s),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:distancematrix,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:fitnpointstoshape,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:pointsfilter,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:pointsthinning,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:removeduplicatepoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:separatepointsbydirection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:spatialpointpatternanalysis,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Points
saga:convertpolygon/lineverticestopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:convertpolygonstolines,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:countpointsinpolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygoncentroids,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygondissolve,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonintersection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonpartstoseparatepolygons,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonproperties,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonshapeindices,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
saga:polygonstoedgesandnodes,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Polygons
ftools:randomselection,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Selection
ftools:randomselectionwithinsubsets,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Selection
ftools:selectbylocation,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Selection
gdalogr:ogrinfo,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Statistics
sextante:addfieldtoattributestable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
sextante:createequivalentnumericalfield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
sextante:fieldpyculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
sextante:fieldcalculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:changedateformat,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:changetimeformat,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:converttabletopoints,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:enumeratetablefield,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:fillgapsinrecords,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:joinattributesfromatable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:joinattributesfromatable(shapes),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:runningaverage,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:tablecalculator,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:tablecalculator(shapes),USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
saga:transposetable,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
ftools:basicstatisticsfornumericfields,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
ftools:basicstatisticsfortextfields,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
ftools:export/addgeometrycolumns,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
ftools:listuniquevalues,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
mmqgisx:attributeexport,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools
mmqgisx:attributejoin,USE_ORIGINAL_NAME,Vector/Table tools